all right to my left here is Jesse
Delgado of Illinois the second season to
the final four metric sophomore 26 and
three Jesse you had your offense going
right from the start can you talk about
the head way you made early in the match
uh yeah I knew if I if I didn't attack
he was so I I figure the best way to
keep him off my likeness found his
questions for Jesse dugout Jesse what
happened oh gee hugs are bring the mic
too late we have a transcriptional
service so we won't tell her everything
okay Jesse I'm just trying to look at
your career oh that's insufficient
what's up with Wraith last here what
happened this year why were you able to
turn it up to beat me down in these guys
you know I think I just really started
clicking after after the Midlands
tournament or around january and i
really focused in mark and Jeremy said
as long as I just focus on what I need
to focus get rid of all other
distractions and that you know all that
the like one national tournament in
death I just have bought in and garbage
distractions just focused on my that
national title it's been a pretty good
season for me since then another
question i justyou an interesting Road
from California out to Illinois and
could you talk about how the program
there is help to improve and then get
you the point now where one match away
from being national champion that I kept
all the air well all the way it's a long
way were you ask you about California
yeah from California to get Illinois uh
well I mean me and mark been together
since Cal Poly um I wasn't a huge
recruit and you know Cal Poly isn't
really a great wrestling school woman
they got good guys but you know I just
feel like we just we put a lot of work
and time in together and ya know or the
National bottle match but a come a long
way Jesse could you take us back to the
semifinals of stew to the quarterfinals
in sepron knew what he got you on your
back and nearly over said you pan
but you were able to will yourself to
the victory yeah I mean just that you
know like i said in the earlier
interview it but I think I've grown a
lot that was last year these last three
months I think I've grown a lot let me
imagine my emotions a lot better on and
off Matt and you know it was just
keeping my composure and you know I had
30 seconds to get away get reverse or
whatever it was and I just but the only
thing going through madison I'm not
waiting another year last question
congratulations Jesse good luck Thanks
morrow